Update NIC release notes for 2026-lts-r3 (#2134)
nginx/documentation: content/nic/lts/install/helm/parameters.md

| **controller.directiveAutoAdjust** | Automatically adjusts NGINX buffer directives to prevent configuration errors. | false |
| **controller.image.digest** | The image digest of NGINX Ingress Controller LTS. | None |
| **controller.image.repository** | The image repository of NGINX Ingress Controller LTS. | private-registry.nginx.com/nginx-ic/nginx-plus-ingress |

> | **controller.image.tag** | The tag of the NGINX Ingress Controller LTS image. | 2026-lts-r3 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **controller.image.tag** | The tag of the NGINX Ingress Controller LTS image. | {{< nic-lts-version >}} |
```
